add notice about providing name of openstack instance (#13)
CESNET/eInfra-docs: topics/compute/openstack/docs/technical-reference/ostrava-site/get-support.md

# Get Support

> Contact points are listed in the following table. Please provide name of instance of openstack you are using e.g. ostrava.openstack.cloud.e-infra.cz

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contact points are listed in the following table.
Do not forget to specify OpenStack cloud name you are using (i.e.  ostrava.openstack.cloud.e-infra.cz / cloud.muni.cz / cloud.metacentrum.cz ).
```
